README: Make it easier to search Slack join url (#1924)
returntocorp/semgrep: README.md

### Contributing

> Visit [Contributing](https://semgrep.dev/docs/contributing/). Semgrep is LGPL 2.1 licensed. Also, join [r2c Community Slack](https://r2c.dev/slack).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit [Contributing](https://semgrep.dev/docs/contributing/) or join the [r2c Community Slack](https://r2c.dev/slack) to learn more. Semgrep is LGPL-2.1 licensed. 
```
